being send him health spill chains and
Well, good masters, here I bring you a
Halo reach gameplay at the request of
many but of many of you
gentlemen who have been asking me
america your pichichi the rich moms do not you
forget this mother, well, gentlemen
I know that many of you like the
ritz and it's not that I do not forget halo
reach but I simply have other
games to play then no no no
I can go back to the past so much
can not perform me so often
happened then that I can return from
once in a while I can gentlemen but good
here I bring you at the request of many of
you are a tap already you know that the
tap is from this and go for the ball of
center and write it down on the other one or
on the enemy's side
let's see what your mother gives us
where was the little ball
I grab my friend come
Friends are in your home championship
hahaha fucking came to my house to kill me that
dumbass
the pizza in the life of his mother earth
from fagot to my friend well
to see the fucking rich bomb and such death
you no longer have a mother who killed me
but the newey
bitches bitches let's see how it goes
right now
also the connection is perfect
but tevergana we go to hell
two
come on let's go let's go a world a boom boom
why do not you kill me good
where are you going bitches
he made the ball where the ball was
there is
efe enter a boom boom dale dale dale
and that's all bastard reaches her
in the same way that is to say this pure
click shit wii ha ha ha
do not fuck asshole that's called having
milk and no blowjobs ha ha ha
to the Chinese whore in this game mode
it's like to de-stress all the
shit
collected pump so they were picked
to the pump
come here bitches like you say
we will give why why point
least you died to begin with I'm going to
see something gentlemen already have the
five bones sensitivity
bomb detonated the bomb but not
there is forgiveness
we are still winning
the one that is in accessibility 5 and still
I feel a little slow or long but I
I know that if I add more sensitivity to
I will not be able to even point bastard
fast ball
for the whore I made a bundle to that
dumbass
for here are fucking a bitch
melt
Telematel killed the eggs
again end of the bastard game the three
balls that scored the three balls the note
in the same way
and almost dying because
of the gentlemen I hope that they have
enjoyed the gameplay the truth is that
was because to no one and gentlemen and then
you know that I 'm re chains
this was halo reach remember him live
favorites subscribe comment and
share gentlemen also remember
follow me on twitter and like me
facebook page the links you want
work in the description
I am branch chains and see you until the
next
bye